I already have a working triangle wizard with the following inputs:

Bottom Width (in inches)

Depth (in inches)

Stitch Gauge (stitches per 4")

Row Gauge (rows per 4")

Maximum Needles Available on the Bed

Do not rebuild the wizard.
Do not delete any existing structure, styling, or modular “lego block” components already in place.
Please add the following logic on top of the existing code.

1. Add a new function called decideConstructionMethod()

This function should evaluate the user’s inputs and return one of three construction paths:

"side-to-side"

"two-piece-center-back"

"corner-to-corner"

Logic rules:

First, convert width in inches to required stitches:

const stitchesNeeded = (bottomWidthInches * stitchGauge) / 4;


Then apply the rules:

Rule 1 — Side-to-Side Triangle (Right Triangle)

If the full stitch count fits on the needlebed:

if (stitchesNeeded <= maxNeedles) {
    return "side-to-side";
}

Rule 2 — Two-Piece Center-Back Triangle (Isosceles)

If half the width fits on the bed:

if ((stitchesNeeded / 2) <= maxNeedles) {
    return "two-piece-center-back";
}

Rule 3 — Corner-to-Corner Triangle

Default fallback when neither 1 nor 2 is possible:

return "corner-to-corner";

2. Call this function whenever the user updates any input

Use the same event handlers already in your wizard (e.g., input, change, or calculate buttons).
Do not modify user interface events — just hook into them.

3. Display the result in the existing Results/Output area

Create a new result card without changing the existing layout.

Add text like:

Your Recommended Construction

(Show one of the following based on the result:)

If side-to-side

“Your width fits your needlebed.
This triangle will be knit from the point outward, increasing on one edge.”

If two-piece center-back

“Your full width is wider than your needlebed, but each half fits comfortably.
Knit two matching triangles and seam them at center back.”

If corner-to-corner

“Your chosen width exceeds your needlebed, even when divided in half.
Corner-to-corner construction allows you to knit the full size without exceeding your machine’s limits.”

4. Keep all styling consistent with the existing design

Keep:

colors

fonts

spacing

input style

KBM visual structure

Do not introduce new UI conventions.
Use my existing “lego blocks” where appropriate (inches/cm toggle, gauge formatting, info cards, etc.).

5. Do NOT remove or rewrite any code unless absolutely necessary

This should be an additive enhancement, not a rebuild.

If small refactoring is required, explain it in comments.

6. After implementation

Please:

add inline comments explaining each step

confirm that the logic is triggered on input changes

ensure no console errors

keep the wizard functioning as it currently does