Replit: update the workshop hub “plan cards” and conversation styling

Goal

On the Guided Workshop hub page:

Remove time estimates from plan cards.

Make Day 1 visually stand out (border/shadow/tint) + show “Start here”.

After the user clicks Day 1 once, remove the special Day 1 styling and remove “Start here” on future hub visits (simple “started” flag; not full completion tracking).

Increase visibility of the right-side arrow affordance.

Style the “Workshop Conversation” section container like a speech bubble (similar to ANA page), without changing Hyvor functionality.

Constraints

Don’t change header/footer or other page copy.

Don’t introduce a database.

Use localStorage only.

Keep day cards linking to the existing day URLs.

Make a .bak backup of any file you modify.

Steps

Locate the hub page/component that renders the plan cards and the “Workshop Conversation” section.

Search for the section heading text (“Your plan”, “Your 10-Day Plan”, or similar).

In the plan card markup:

Remove rendering of duration/time entirely (don’t leave empty wrappers).

Keep Day label + title + short description.

Replace the tiny arrow with a clearer arrow element (larger, higher contrast). It can be a text arrow “→” but must be visually obvious.

Add “Start here” badge ONLY to Day 1 when workshop is not started.

Add a Day 1 highlight class ONLY when workshop is not started.

Add a small inline script on the hub page:

Create a storage key using the workshop slug if available, else use the page pathname.
Example key base: kbm_ws_started_${workshopSlug || location.pathname}

When the Day 1 card is clicked, set that key to "true".

On page load, if the key is "true", add a class to the document like ws-started so CSS can hide the badge and remove Day 1 highlight.

Add CSS:

Default cards remain calm.

Day 1 highlight (only when NOT started): thicker border, slightly stronger shadow, subtle tint.

Hide “Start here” badge when .ws-started is present.

Increase arrow size/contrast; optional pill background.

Style Workshop Conversation container:

Wrap that section content in a div (if not already) with a class like .conversation-bubble.

Apply ANA-like bubble styling: rounded corners, soft background, subtle border, comfortable padding.

Do not change Hyvor embed code beyond moving it inside the bubble container if needed.

Implementation details (preferred pattern)

Add data-day="1" attribute to Day 1 link for easy JS targeting.

Add classes:

.plan-card

.plan-card--start on Day 1 card (only when not started)

.plan-badge for “Start here”

.plan-arrow for arrow element

Script requirement

Add something like:

On load:

read localStorage key

if true: document.documentElement.classList.add('ws-started')

On Day 1 click:

set key true

Deliverable

Provide the updated file(s) and confirm:

time removed from cards

Day 1 highlight + Start here show only until Day 1 is clicked once

arrow is visibly clearer

conversation section has speech-bubble container styling