2. Load global tags into the admin UI

Find the code that powers my admin interface for editing content (Skill Builders, blog posts, etc.). This might be React, plain HTML/JS, or another UI layer. Inspect where forms for each content type are defined.

Implement a Tag Management utility in the admin that reads global-tags.json and exposes:

tag (string, canonical ID)

group (displayed as a grouping/filter)

description (tooltip or helper text)

Make sure this loader is reusable so multiple admin screens can access the same tag list.

3. Add a “Global Tag Manager” screen in the admin

Create a new admin page, something like:

Route / file name example: admin/tags or src/pages/admin/tags.[jsx|tsx|astro|... depending on stack]

On this screen:

Display tags grouped by group (machine, technique, fabric, support, project, level, project-type, purpose).

Show columns for:

Tag name (tag)

Group

Description

Allow:

Adding a new tag (tag string, group select, optional description)

Editing an existing tag (all three fields)

Deleting a tag (with a confirmation step)

Persist all changes back into global-tags.json.

Implementation details:

If you already have utilities for writing JSON files (e.g. in Node/Express or an API route), reuse them.

If writes are not currently supported, add a simple backend endpoint or serverless function that:

reads current global-tags.json

applies changes from the admin

writes the updated JSON back to disk

Keep the UI minimal but clean and consistent with the rest of the admin styling.

4. Integrate tags into Skill Builder editing

Locate the UI/component that edits Skill Builder JSON objects. You already have fields like:

slug

title

description

tagline

prepChecklist

modules

reflection

isDraft

publishedDate

pendingPublish

Add a new top-level field in the Skill Builder JSON schema (if not already present):

"tags": ["tension", "gauge", "fundamentals"]


In the Skill Builder edit form:

Load the global tags from global-tags.json.

Show a multi-select control (or checkbox list) where I can choose tags from the global list.

Group them visually by group (e.g. headings in the selector: “Machine”, “Technique”, “Fabric”, etc.).

When I save the Skill Builder, write the selected tag IDs into the tags array for that JSON.

Prevent free-form tag creation from the Skill Builder form. All new tags should be added through the dedicated Tag Manager screen to keep the vocabulary controlled.

5. Integrate tags into blog posts and other content (if present)

If my admin supports other content types like blog posts, Smart Guides, etc.:

For each content editing form, add the same tags array field.

Reuse the same tag multi-select component you built for Skill Builders.

Ensure tags are always read from global-tags.json so the vocabulary stays consistent.

6. Implementation priorities and constraints

Do NOT break existing content or JSON structures. If there are Skill Builder files without tags yet, treat tags as optional and default to an empty array.

Keep the new Tag Manager UI simple and clean, consistent with my existing admin layout.

Organize the code so that:

the global tag loader is in a shared utility

the multi-select tag UI is a reusable component

any future content type can easily adopt the same tag system

7. After changes

Show me where:

global-tags.json lives

the Tag Manager admin route is

the Skill Builder edit UI now exposes tag selection

Make sure at least one example Skill Builder JSON file is updated to include a real tags array, so I can see the structure in practice.

Use my existing style and code patterns. Don’t rewrite the whole admin—just extend it to support this global tag system and tag editing from the admin.